Nevada damn nevada nevada damp Ravana
so everything in Las Vegas was a
distraction just to buy them time from
this happen in urbana cam doesn't makes
it something doesn't add up maybe
they're trying to flood the area it
looks like she has a mustache hey this
is girlfriend I'm on your way over
welcome to the party Copperhead pocket
here I am late father Roger a few more
people then destroy the damn wheel
control his faces faces out there a
standard operating procedure
until we can take down arena
screw that you tell him none of this
would have gotten this far he had given
us authorization to take her out Mexico
the bitch killed calm us on his hits
your orders no beam is like just like my
senses Oh RPG
well he's getting ready hit the damn
keys on his own that bridge I got five
is to keep the damn i need to get my
board on the damn ok we'll see on
overwatch lee around the tangos on the
bridge first but Irina remains the
principal objective hi John robe up pick
weapons are for this part I'm going to
get my sniper because i haven't used it
in a minute obviously with the six and
12 scope and i'm going to keep this up p
90 because ms does work where's that ass
right here we'll get a rifle scope on it
and sit where am i going to use
breaching charges i'm not sure i just
want the most grenades I can hold as
possible so let's go
hey it is must labor I miss muscling I
haven't used it to meet you all right
dude hi fucker hey shouldn't be here
they sent me out to warn whoever shows
up to back off they got a ball and ring
to a time after don't take out the
bridge if anyone attacks them they're
over there in the tourist center for
didn't you hear me they said they'd fall
off the bridge hell they probably
already started the timer sorry you guys
want to see something funny this loser I
really hate him I don't know why I just
hate him nigga shot me we can't win the
floor he's like I got shot hit ok that's
all I'm waiting to do let's go
on my way you guys go and bring the
enemies out stop being right Oh bless
melons it's one
we're
here he goes hey that's 40 missed they
better not be dead forgot it's really
hard to like stand up and shoot Wow
Wow stop Sasha's really stop doing that
shit
I see somebody show me that head show me
that pretty good Wow do that hey buddy
get shy come on show me that head we got
it do something at me shot Skye believe
this guy to die come on show me that
hedge bed head one bullet there we go go
to sleep right now yeah
ok or eat ok
just make sure what is he doing
I don't think they are
um
these are good right here yup I want to
shoot him in the head like the headshot
action there bunch there buddy show me I
body please show me it
oh yeah catch a grenade Oh beautiful
that was beautiful he did a nice little
bounce to see showing for the morrow go
for go for the bomb go for the bomb no
football football for the bomb is
beeping beeping beeping beeping hurry up
hurry up hurry up Michael oh yeah yep
reah reah oh my boy but to blow I'm
ready music come on imagine run stop
talking I'll defusing Ronnie hell type
of cold snap please hurry up hurry up
why I'm out here oh my god dude that
major matic did me
really bad out here the National Guard
just like the whole the top of the dam
but the choppers pull down we have to
find the way down we are too I am to use
the bathroom I spotted the cable if we
show the catwalk steer you on our fly by
it's a safety line for workers doing
maintenance under the bridge it should
be long enough to get you down goody
hell that's a long drop in the open suck
it up we need to get inside the dam
Logan out